Draft of Leadership minutes 2021-04-17 (#109)
carpentries/trainers: leadership_minutes/2021-04-17-leadership-minutes.md

        - Arin: Names of leadership will not be redacted. Names and identifying features of non-leadership persons will usually be redacted. I would like to see a balance that the names of the Trainers leadership may or may not be redacted. Lets say for some reason I want my name to be redacted for something I said. I expect that to be honored. It can be modified to read that names of the Trainers Leadership usually will not be redacted. Just to be more flexible.
        - Jeff - I did redact content from last meeting that was unnecessary to include. On the other hand, I would like to operate on a fairly transparent basis. If I say something about someone that doesn't necessarily affect them, I just shouldn't say those things.
        - Arin: if someone says something that they don't want to associate their name with, leave that option open.
        - Sarah: This makes me uncomfortable. Some comments that aren't germane to the meetings can be redacted.
        - Arin: I'm ok with this, but as a general code of ethics, it is appropriate to have control
        - Sarah: Either there is zero attribution or there is full attribution. 

>         - Mark: We are here we are in control of what we say, I don't think we should be on a committee where someone is prepared to say something they are not willing to stand behind. ving. usthe option to say things anonymously as a leadership group is not helping complaints about lack of communication. There was something in Martha's rules where the Committee might choose to say something attributed to the committee. But otherwise 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Mark: We are here we are in control of what we say, I don't think we should be on a committee where someone is prepared to say something they are not willing to stand behind. Giving us the option to say things anonymously as a leadership group is not helping complaints about lack of communication. There was something in Martha's rules where the Committee might choose to say something attributed to the committee. But otherwise 
```

        - Assigned to: Amanda
    - [Demo lessons subcommittee](https://github.com/carpentries/trainers/issues/83)
        - _Next meeting_
    - [IT curriculum maintainance policy](https://github.com/carpentries/trainers/issues/82)
        - _Next meeting_
        - Curriculum update Core team project timeline (Karen)
        - do we want a policy about the onboarding process in place before or after this onboarding?
4. Discussion: Trainer Application review (Karen 15 min)
    - _No discussion_
    - based on discussion 04-12 and async comments [in the spreadsheet]
    - (https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BKgHy7zMNJEqYVo6mIxa03oWtfIJXv9mbmXwWiGBzoA/edit?usp=sharing) (pls **redact link** from public notes) I think we are good to proceed. Let Karen know if you would like to participate in review.
5. Asynch discussion: Governance 
    - _No discussion_
    - governance issue with meetings schedule/ ownership
    - update from EC?
        - 2 relevant committees: Program Committee (chaired by Sarah Stevens) and Governance Committee (chaired by Paula Andrea Martinez). Committees are new and as yet seem unclear on their roles. Sarah (Brown) has been introduced by email.

>         - No further bylaws modifications will occur this year, but rather recommendations will be drafted for next year's updates.

Reviewer 2: it's not a problem to leave them, but would it be more clear to remove items that we did not discuss?

Author: Good question. I was kind of using them to communicate agenda information as well. But either way works.

Reviewer 3: Happy with the minutes, sorry for the late response

> 6. FYI (FYI only)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. FYI (FYI only) **not discussed, due to time**
```
